chore(docs) add Kong Mesh 2.1.0 changelog (#5093)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/mesh/changelog.md

no_version: true
---

## 2.1.0
> Released on **2023/01/30**

Built on top of [Kuma 2.1.0](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/releases/tag/2.1.0)

### Changes

> - Add MeshOPA policy. This policy is compliant with new `targetRef` standard. This policy will replace OPA Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the MeshOPA policy. This policy is compliant with new `targetRef` standard. This policy will replace OPA Policy.
```

- RBAC now supports `to` and `from` selectors in `targetRef` based policies

> - Add possibility to specify list of users that have admin rights by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to specify list of users that have admin rights by default.
```

> - Limited number of OPA policies you can configure to 1, because of [OPA limitations](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/opa/issues/5595)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Limited the number of OPA policies you can configure to one because of [OPA limitations](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/opa/issues/5595).
```
